jacqueline glenn began
her youtube career as an atheist
activist and this is not ancient history
still to this day still in the year 2020
she is making videos denouncing religion
advocating atheism
she had a traditional religious wedding
prayers were performed
at her wedding the name
of the one true god of israel was
invoked
innumerable times at her wedding
this wasn't just an aesthetic element
of her wedding it was an explicitly
monotheist religious wedding
not just in its trappings but in its
explicitly stated content and yes
a great deal of that was being sung
and recited in hebrew gee why hebrew
hmm you know when you when you think of
all the languages
that could you could choose to have
poetry recited in chile at your wedding
why why would you choose hebrew you know
a lot of different languages have been
part of my life
i guess i could have a japanese poem
recited i guess i guess lotion i guess
cambodia
gee so many cultures from around the
world you you could
so it's because it's because it's the
language
god chose to communicate with moses
right it's because it's the language the
the funny little story
about abraham circumcising his own son
with a with a piece of
flint rock with a piece of chipped stone
that that was written in
the sacred language of the covenant
between the jewish people and god is
hebrew right
and this is exactly what you jacqueline
glenn still to this day
may 8 2020 you are still preaching on
youtube
that you shouldn't just confront this
tradition
and say that it's meaningless fiction
you should ridicule it you should mock
it
did you turn to the shofar who was
performing at your wedding and mock
his religion did you engage in an
intellectual critique of the rabbi
who recited these poems at your wedding
and i want to make one thing very clear
the problem here
is not that jaclyn glenn is a bad
example
for others to follow the problem is
jacqueline glenn
matters in and of herself i care about
her as a person
just because she's a person doesn't
matter that she's famous
doesn't matter that she influences a
does in this context
does not matter the premise
of activism is that you care
if you take on the role of activists if
you are a vegan activist
it means you don't have the attitude of
well i want to eat a vegan diet myself
but
you know what other people do in their
private homes and they're probably like
i just don't care i just don't care if
you eat pork or
steak or whatever you're into no you
know i'm just that is not an activist
right an activist is someone who cares i
care about you i care about the
decisions you make
i care about the kind of society we are
going to have in the future we're going
to build we're going to have it together
we're going to participate in together
i care you matter to me and that's why
i'm an activist
that's why i'm explaining to you why you
should make the right choice and not the
wrong one and adopt a vegan diet
all right if you are an atheist activist
it doesn't just mean you passively allow
the rest of the world around you
to go into a downward spiral of
fundamentalism whether that be christian
fundamentalism or islamic fundamentalism
doesn't mean you just sit there and be
like oh well you know i mean
sudan it could go either way i mean
maybe
sudan will now modernize and become
moderate and you know become a democracy
or maybe sudan will you know kind of go
down the same downward spiral and end up
like
you know isis and afghan
it means you care it means i
care about you and you and you and the
audience just as much as i care about
jacqueline glenn
i don't care because she's famous i
don't care because she influences others
i don't care because she's written her
autobiography or has done a a pin
up calendar wearing a bikini none of
that matters to me
i could not care less about her soft
core porn career
to me it's meaningless i couldn't care
less
that she's a [ __ ] living cartoon
of everything that religious parents
warn their daughters about
that they say don't leave the church
you'll end up like jacqueline glenn
you'll end up coming on the internet
making [ __ ] excuses
for using mind-altering drugs like
ayahuasca smoking dope taking
antidepressants experimenting with other
hard drugs and and posing in soft core
porn
your everything christian parents are
terrified their daughters are going to
do
take one step away from the church
towards what you call
rationalism and reason all right none of
that matters to me jacqueline
okay what matters is you're a human
being with two legs and ten fingers and
ten toads
all right like anyone else you matter
it matters the decisions we make matter
to me i care i care whether or not you
become a cocaine addict i care whether
or not
you eat pork and bacon or you make the
right choice to become a vegan
i care whether or not you perpetuate
this
whole story that's lasted for more than
2 000 years
this terrible terrible religion that
began with judaism
all right i'm jewish i'm born to a
jewish family my mother and my mother's
mother going but for untold
centuries they've all been jewish so i
killed his jewish genetically
as if as if a religion can exist within
your bloodstream genetically okay but
that's the jewish tradition
other jewish people consider me jewish
because that's the way
that's the ideology of judaism as a
religion
okay i know i know the critique of
judaism on on youtube
it's not even five percent as intense as
the critique of christianity
or the critique of islam it's not even
as intense as the critique of
mormonism or scientology okay judaism
people like to go easy on judaism as a
religion
and we all know why we all know why you
know what the worst thing is
about judaism it created
christianity it created islam
those religions devolved from judaism
everything wrong with christianity is
wrong with judaism
in principle everything wrong with islam
is wrong with judaism and principle
everything wrong with the soviet union
and communist china
can be seen in the writings of karl marx
in principle in german
this is the way history works your
critique
you you put this on yourself jacqueline
you wore this crown and you wrote it to
fame and fortune
you're one of the only [ __ ] people on
earth who got
rich and famous off of atheism and you
have a traditional jewish wedding you
have a religious wedding you have a
shofar and a rabbi
performing baruch in hebrew at your
wedding